# NS2-Simulation
# Abstract:
In the last decade, there has been growing interest in Vehicular Ad Hoc NETworks (VANETs). Today car manufacturers have already started to equip vehicles with sophisticated sensors that can provide many assistive features such as front collision avoidance, automatic lane tracking, partial autonomous driving, suggestive lane changing, and so on. Such technological advancements are enabling the adoption of VANETs not only to provide safer and more comfortable driving experience but also provide many other useful services to the driver as well as passengers of a vehicle. 
However, privacy, authentication and secure message dissemination are some of the main issues that need to be thoroughly addressed and solved for the widespread adoption/deployment of VANETs. Given the importance of these issues, researchers have spent a lot of effort in these areas over the last decade. We present an overview of the following issues that arise in VANETs: privacy, authentication, and secure message dissemination. Then we present a comprehensive review of various solutions proposed in the last 10 years which address these issues. Our survey sheds light on some open issues that need to be addressed in the future.
# Communication types:
A broad range of applications can be enabled by two main types of communication: 
(i) infrastructure-based communication (Vehicle to Infrastructure (V2I) communica-tion) and 
(ii) direct communication between vehicles (Vehicle to Vehicle (V2V) communication).
# Attack types
Some of these attacks may be carried out by nodes inside the network (i.e., nodes that have been already authorized to be a member of the VANET); other attacks may be carried out by ve-hicles that do not belong to the VANET. Among the existing types of attacks, message spoofing, message replay attack, message in-tegrity attack, impersonation attack, Denial of Service (DoS) attack and movement tracking attack are the most common.
# Existing methods
Traditional approaches for secure and authenticated message dissemination, largely based on message encryption and key man-agement, can only guarantee secure message exchange between known source and destination pairs. These approaches cannot be directly applied in the context of VANETs due to the dynamic na-ture of VANETs. Message dissemination in VANETs can also be vulnerable to insider attacks (i.e., attacks from authenticated VANET members), who may tamper the content of the disseminated mes-sages or send malicious messages. Thus, ensuring the integrity and authenticity of the messages transmitted in VANETs is an im-portant issue. In this paper, we present a survey of some of the research works done in the last ten years addressing privacy, au-thentication and secure message dissemination in VANETs.
RSUs can offer various services such as Internet access, real time traffic data access, maps, and media files download and soft-ware updates download through high speed networks. Vehicle’s can make use of these services by connecting to the RSUs through VANET.
# Trusted Authority (TA):
Generally, the Trusted Authority (TA) is responsible for issu-ing security parameters, such as keys, certificates and pseudonyms to vehicles. When the TA detects (or is informed by an RSU) a malicious vehicle, it revokes the vehicle’s certificates (generally, one certificate for each pseudonym) and informs all other vehicles about it. This is a centralized approach which does not scale well. Moreover, as the CRL grows, the message authentication overhead increases. In this subsection, we discuss some solutions proposed for solving these problems using ID-based signatures and ID-based cryptography.
# Authentication:
Authentication needs to be achieved at two levels – first at node level, referred as node authentication and second at the message level, referred as message authentication.
The basic principle of message authentication can be simplified as signing a message by the sender and then verifying the authenticity and integrity of the message at the receiver’s end. Certain authentication require-ments such as low computational overhead, strong and scalable authentication, efficient and scalable certificate revocation must be addressed and solved to ensure secure communication in VANETs.
